here it is folks the highlight of the
AMD booth at least for me the ryzen 7
5700 x3d it may be dressed in The
Emperor's New Clothes they didn't have
any physical samples here for me to hold
but I'm genuinely stoked on this thing a
new am4 processor all these years later
it's clocked a little lower than the
5800 X 3D that we know and love but it
has the same great 3D vcash and it comes
at a gorgeous drop in replacement for
your existing ddr4 platform setup price
of
$250 making it a no-brainer upgrade for
someone who wants to increase their
gaming performance but doesn't want to
invest in a whole new motherboard and
system memory I love this move there's a
handful of other new ryzen 5000 series
chips that flesh out their lower end
options but given they're the only ones
they bothered to bring to the show what
AMD really wants to talk about is these
new ryzen 7000 CPUs but first let me
paint a quick segment way to our
sponsor headphone juice is not something
you should be proud of these are your
typical headphones that accumulate heat
while you game e wiked cushions added
cooling gel to their cushions to keep
your ears sweat free you can easily
replace them on your headset check out
wikied cushions the link below in my
hand is the ryzen 7
8700g which AMD is calling the next step
in personal AI processing from a CPU
standpoint there's nothing to really set
it apart from ryzen 7000 series I'm
looking at eight Zen 4 core 16 threads
ddr5 memory on the same am5 platform
we're already familiar with what sets it
apart is everything else instead of
having kind of weak onboard Graphics
we're looking at the same rdna 3 based
onboard Graphics that we've seen in
amd's Mobile chips that power devices
like the Rog Ally so behind me you can
see Starfield and balers Gate 3 running
on this chip at okay admittedly low
details but 1080p
60fps the games are freaking running
without graphics cards so I think it's
fair to say at least if amd's
performance numbers are to be believed
don't worry we'll be validating them
later that this is the final nail in the
coffin of those entry-level graphics
cards that have always offered a really
terrible price to Performance ratio but
now just don't need to exist at all
moving down to the 8600 G you get some
expected reductions in Spec two fewer
CPU cores four fewer GPU cores but that
same AI npu processor
that we're kind of waiting for software
to make use of but hey it could come in
handy someday and then as you make your
way further down things get very
interesting the
8500g has six cores just like the 8600 G
but two of them are traditional zen4
cores while four of them are Zen 4C's
but before you go gee that sounds an
awful lot like Intel's hybrid
architecture it's not quite the same Zen
4C is architecturally the same as Zen 4
and should have the same performance at
the same clock speed but the difference
is that they're crammed in tighter
meaning that they tend not to Turbo up
as high so there is an expected
reduction in performance also the 8500g
doesn't have the AI processor and has a
lesser GPU you rounding out the lineup
is another noow the 8300 G which has
only one traditional Zen 4 core and
three Zen 4C cores I'm going to be
really curious to see how that thing
performs one thing I know I'm not going
to like is the name I don't see how
upgrading the onboard graphics and
tacking on an AI processor sometimes
necessitates an 8,000 series but I guess
you know sometimes you run out of
numbers and you just got to kind of
increase the series except no you don't
have to do that you can tack on letters
like they've done with the 7600 XT this
is a pretty significant upgrade to the
existing
7600 T of while you won't find any
increase to its stream processor count
or compute unit count there is a bump to
clock speeds with the corresponding
power bump and perhaps most importantly
an increase from 8 gigs of gddr6 memory
to 16 gigs of gddr6 memory which as
we've seen from our benchmarking of this
card can make a pretty big difference in
games that require it there's a couple
other little things to cover the support
for display port 2.1 uh10 is now
mandatory rather than being optional
like it was with the 7600 and the price
is 330 bucks meaning that you are
looking at a pretty darn good 1440p
gaming experience even in demanding
games like Starfield for a pretty
reasonable price this is running at
1440p right low but
yes I have cushions hot like a tiny
steam room stop steaming your ears like
your broccoli W cushions offer all sort
of cushion replacement for your
headphones and it's not just your
regular cushions with added dual layer
cooling gel they ensure you keep a cool
head even your team is feeding looking
for a crack wiked cushion give you a
crack-free
comfort they Ed topnotch materials like
breathable sport Fabric and memory form
with over 25,000 reviews and a 365 days
to fall in love warranty don't listen to
me listen to your ears this time Wicked
cushions and the link below they had
some other cool stuff in the booth like
the framework 16 modular gaming laptop
but I think that's going to be a
dedicated video so uh I'll see you over
there